Welcome back.
It's time to do something.
Well actually productive with our Twitter board.
So what can we do here.
Well I want to create a board.
This board is going to be well you want to be really nice to your followers and you want to follow back
people.
If you actually look I'm I'm pretty pretty horrible.
I only have six people that I'm following.
But if I had to go through all my followers and follow every single one of them that's that's over 10000
clicks That's pretty manual task.
Can we do that with with our bot.
Well yeah you can't so let's do a super generous bot.
So this generous bot is always going to follow back.
How can you build this.
Well we simply loop and say for follower in and then here T.P. gives us something called a cursor.
Now what is this cursor if we go to the documentation here and I type in cursor we'll get while an actual
cursor Trattoria if we read here we see that we use pages nation in a lot of Twitter API so whether
we're going through timelines or user lists or messages we have to click through different pages.
Right.
Usually there's a lot of followers or a lot of timeline information so the cursor allows us to well
essentially in an easy way go through everything on Twitter whether it's through an entire timeline
or through an entire followers list.
And they even give you a nice tutorial of how to use it.
You can see over here for example let's make this a little bit bigger.
We see that we can use the tweaked cursor to do API user timeline dot items to grab all the items on
the timeline
and so with the tippy cursor we can actually do API dot followers to grab all the followers and then
we simply do dot items so that we can loop through all the followers.
Now with this followers well let's just print them out now.
I'm going to print followers or a follower in this case because we're looping through here and then
just say dot name.
Now the problem here is that when we do something like this when let's say we're looping through a lot
of things we're going to be hitting the API over and over and over and Twitter is not going to like
that.
I mean this is a simple example.
But when we constantly hit the Twitter API that's hitting the twitter servers which Twitter has to pay
for.
And if everybody in the world hit the Twitter API over and over and over fast with let's say Python
that as we know on machines runs really fast well it's going to overload the servers and it's going
to cost them a lot of money or crashed the servers.
So they actually implement something called a rate limit where I'm only allowed to request the Twitter
API let's say every couple of milliseconds so that it doesn't crash the server and tweet me actually
allows us to work with this Twitter rate limit.
So if I type in here rate limiter
there's actually an error I can see here their rate limit error which is raised when the API method
fails due to hitting the Twitter's rate limit tweet me over here allows us to use the rate limit error
to say hey if we hit this error let's do something so I'm going to create a little helper function I'm
going to say define limit handle.
So we're gonna handle here the limit and we're going to pass it the cursor which is again the cursor
that's going to patch eight or go through the entire data of API followers and we're going to do a while
loop that says while this is true just keep yielding
cursor dot next because cursor is a generator however whenever we keep calling next year which by the
way internally.
This is what the cursor is doing is just constantly calling next and just keeps going keeps going until
we finish our followers.
However if this is not the case well in that case I'm going to say except and we're going to wrap this
in a try block actually.
So I'm going to say try here so we can catch this error so try while true and then accept if we get
a teepee dot rate limit error well in that case I want to pause and not hit the Twitter API so that
we don't get in trouble and come back to it when we have finally gave it a bit of time so we can actually
do that with a built in module in Python called time and time allows us to do something really useful
here.
I can do something called sleep which essentially says hey just pause this whatever it's happening just
stay on this line for a few milliseconds.
So if we do 1000 that's a 1000 milliseconds or one second.
So now we have a limit handle or we can call it limit handler.
And if we wrap the limit handler which receives a cursor so that is we just wrap this entire thing like
so let's make this a little bit bigger.
There you go.
We now are able to not abuse and make sure that if we hit the rate limit we take a bit of a pass instead
of just getting errors.
So let's see if that worked.
I'm going to save and run our piece of code.
Let's clear here and run this.
All right.
Do you see how it's pausing right now.
So as soon as we hit the rate limit it pauses and it just keeps going.
And there you go.
It's printing out all the followers that I have.
That's pretty cool right now.
I'm actually going to stop this because while it's it's still going through it.
But what we can do now is we can actually follow back each of these individual people.
Now in my case I'm not on Twitter that much.
So let's just follow somebody here at random.
Let's follow this user right here.
I'm going to copy this user's name like this and I'm going to do something fun here.
I'm going to say if follower dot name is equal to this person well then in that case I want to follow
this person so I'm going to say follower dot follow which allows me to follow the user if I see this
and run my code.
It's running.
It's running it's running like I say.
It takes a bit of time because it has to go through the entire list but I'm going to pause the video
and when this is done we're going to see if this worked.